= event_machine
With event machine, you can keep an eye on any action on your rails controller, say in your sns website, when user posts a blog, you need to notice all of his friends, but it's really urgly to do like this:

  BlogController:
    def create
      # new and save code
      notice_all_friends
    end
  end

let's take another scenario, in your sns site, when one user makes friends with the other one, we should notice all friends of these two people, but how to?
we'd beeter have an observer on the action, the code in the make_friends action block only concerns about building relationship between the two people, the observer then notice other people on fly.  

Usage:

in your config/environment.rb:

    gem "event_machine", :version => ">=0.4.1"

and the generate command :

  ~your_project_path> rails g event_machine create_favorite Favorites create 

here 'create_event' stands for the event name, and 'Favorites' 'create' for which contorller#action to observe

then it will generate a event file named create_favorite_event.rb under the Rails.root/events directory,  which content like following:


  for_action FavoritesController, :create do

    before do
      # This will be called before FavoriteController#create
    end

    after do
      # This will be called after FavoriteController#create
    end

  end


now you can add your code in the block and after block, enjoy.

= to observe multiple actions 

to observe multiple actions, you should:

  for_actions [[FavoritesController, :create], [BlogsController,:create]] do

    before do
      # your code goes here
    end

    after do
      # your code goes here
    end

  end


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 tim.teng. See LICENSE for details.
